Complete doc overhaul (#741)
r-lib/styler: vignettes/styler.Rmd

    styler
  )
  # styler: on
  1+1

  #> inline
  ignore( this) # styler: off
  f( ) # not ignored anymore
"
)
```
You can also use custom markers as described in 
`help("stylerignore", package = "styler")`. As described above and in
`vignette("detect-alignment")`,
some alignment is recognized and hence, *stylerignore* should not 
be necessary in that context.

# Caching

styler is rather slow, so leveraging a cache for styled code brings big speedups
in many situations. Starting with version `1.3.0`, you can benefit from it. For
people using styler interactively (e.g. in RStudio), typing
`styler::cache_info()` and then confirming the creation of a permanent cache is
sufficient. Please refer to `help("caching")` for more information. The cache is
by default dependent on the version of styler which means if you upgrade, the
cache will be re-built. Also, the cache takes literally 0 disk space because
only the hash of styled code is stored.

# Dry mode

As of version `1.3.2`, styler has a dry mode which avoids writing output to the
file(s) you want to format. The following options are available:

- *off* (default): Write back to the file if applying styling changes the
  input.

> - *on*: Like *off*, but not writing back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *on*: Applies styling and returns the results without writing changes (if any) back to the file(s).
```

- *fail*: returns an error if the result of styling is not identical to the
  input.

In any case, you can use the (invisible) return value of `style_file()` and
friends to learn how files were changed (or would have changed):

```{r}
out <- withr::with_tempfile(
  "code.R",
  {
    writeLines("1+1", "code.R")
    style_file("code.R", dry = "on")
  }
)
out
```

# More configuration options

### Roxygen code example styling

> This is enabled by default, you can turn it of with `include_roxygen_examples`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is enabled by default, you can turn it off with `include_roxygen_examples = FALSE`.
```
